Update 08.score_and_replay.rst (#9776)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/first_3d_game/08.score_and_replay.rst

Adding music
------------

> To continuously play background music, we introduce the :ref:`Autoloads <autoloads_versus_internal_nodes>` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To continuously play background music, we introduce the :ref:`Autoloads <doc_singletons_autoload>` function.
```

The link should go back to directing people towards the singletons page. having two "autoloads" links going to 2 different places would be confusing for users, also I think that causes a build issue (current build issue is because there's no "doc_" in this.
